Arguments

    This page will cover the different types of arguments and what values they can hold.

Arguments directly follow an expression are are placed between the '[' and ']' brackets.
Most arguments have a name (i.e. length) to tell the parser what to expect. The general
form of an argument is 'arg=value' (i.e. length=4). Multiple arguments are comma
delimited. Following is a list of each argument type and how to use them.

length - Range

    The length of an expression means one of two things. In the case of words, it refers
    to the length of the word. In the case of letters, symbols, digits, etc., it refers
    to the number of characters used in that expression.

    In each case, the length can be a number (i.e. 4), or a range, delimited with a dash
    (i.e. 4-6). The range contains every number between the upper and lower bound
    inclusively. So 4-6 refers to the numbers 4, 5, and 6.

caps - Quad/Bool

    The caps option determines whether to use capital letters in either the '\letter'
    or '\word' expression. In the case of '\letter', it can be 'true' or 'false' to
    determine whether to use random capital letters or not. In the case of '\word' it can
    additionally be 'begin' or 'end' to capitalize either the first or last letter of the
    word.

subs - Bool

    In the case of '\word', subs can be either 'true' or 'false' to determine whether or
    not to use common ascii substitutions, such as 'a' becoming '@'. The substitution is
    random and occurs before capitalization.

set - Set

    A set of symbol, letters, and/or digits passed as an argument to an expression. The
    set is denoted by double quotes (i.e. "abc"). There is no argument name for a set.
    The set determines which characters the expression can choose from during generation.
    If not determined, the default set is used.

range - Range

    In the case of '\digit' and '\letter' a range of either numbers or lowercase letters
    can be used in place of a set. This determines the range of letters or digits that
    the expression can choose from during generation. There is no argument name for a
    range, just like set. Instead, simply put the range (i.e. 0-9 or a-z). If not
    determined, the default range is used.

name - string

    In the case of most arguments, this argument simply names the expression. This name
    alone does not affect the password generation. The name can be made up of letters and
    numbers (i.e. name=myword1).

    In the case of the '\named' expression (see Named page), name is the name of the
    expression to be copied. The expression with the name must come before it is
    referenced by the '\named' expression.

reverse - Bool

    For '\named' expressions, this option can the 'true' or 'false' to reverse the copied
    expression without regenerating it.

regen - Bool

    For '\named' expressions, this option can be 'true' or 'false' to regenerate the
    referenced expression at generation time. This acts as if the expression itself was
    copied, not the result from generating it.
