Best Practices

    This page will cover the best practices of password use and management, as well as
    some resources to help you out.

CrystalPass is simply a password generator. It is able to provide certain guarantees
about the strength of your generated password, but that's all. I do have ideas to improve
it in the future, but the security of this project is limited by Python. It is still up
to you to properly manager your passwords.

First off, go get a password manager. As of May, 2024, I am using Bitwarden at the
free tier and quite like it. There are paid options, but you likely don't need the
features they are offering. All you need is something that will securely store your
passwords in an organized manner. If you're a little more savy, you can host your own
password manager server using PassBolt. I've looked into their project and really like
what they're doing. Below are links to Bitwarden's and PassBolt's websites:

    Bitwarden: https://bitwarden.com
    PassBolt: https://www.passbolt.com

As of May, 2024, I also recommend that you stay away from LastPass. They have a pretty
bad track record of getting hacked (at least twice that I can remember), and that's the
last thing you need to be worrying about.

Having a password manager will make it much easier to have unique passwords for each
account you own. This is also important because it limits the damage of an attacker
cracking one of your accounts' passwords. Yes, they can correlate your accounts. In
general, your passwords between accounts shouldn't even be similar. That is, if account
A has the password "password" and account B has the password "password1". If one of those
accounts gets hacked, the other will likely fall shortly after.

While you are managing your passwords, you won't want one that has already been hacked.
Even if it wasn't yours, hackers will try already known passwords first. You can mitigate
this issue in two ways. First, if your password is ever leaked - hashed or not - change
it. Even if you don't think it will get cracked for millions of years, there's no sense
taking that risk. You have a password manager to help you anyways. The other thing you
can do is to check if your password has appeared in a known breach. There is a very
useful website called haveibeenpwned (https://haveibeenpwned.com/). It is a well known
and trusted source that catalogues leaked passwords and accounts from known breaches.
You can type in your password there to see if it has appeared in a breach. Please note
that the list of passwords there is not complete, but can provide some good intial
feedback.

Next, whenever possible, use two factor authentication. It is never a bad idea and can
stop hackers who have already guessed your password. Most password managers will come
with some sort of authenticator built in, but there are plenty dedicated 2FA apps out
there. Personally, I use Google authenticator for most of my accounts.

Finally, you need to make strong passwords. That's where CrystalPass comes in! Details
about how to use CrystalPass to generate strong passwords are in the following pages.
